# Client-Server-Authentication
### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write programs that are readable and maintainable, I wanted to ensure the program coud be used for multiple different users, instead of just myself. Instead of hard-coding variables, I chose to pass them into the Python module from a different driver, in this case Jupyter Notebook. The exciting part about this is that the CRUD Python module can be used by anyone and the only variables that must change are located in a singular place.

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
My approach to problems is to deeply understand the requirements. This project wanted to focus on the dashboard and specific filters for the database. In order to ensure the project was completed successfully, I referred to the requirements at every step. This ensured my focus was on what the customer desired, rather than my own ideas. In some areas, such as the pie chart, I was able to use creativity to have the chart displayed nicely, but the overall requirements were with me every step of the way.

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer Scientists help make processes smooth and easy for everyday users. Everyday users do not know the intrincacies of how to interact with databases, so by creating easy to use graphic interface selections, we can simplify this for them. This would help a company because employees would not be required to have extensive training in how to operate within the database.
